Config Updates (#40)
thousandbrainsproject/monty_lab: dmc/configs/README.md

- `fig6_curvature_guided_policy`: A one-episode surface agent experiment with
  no hypothesis-testing policy active. The output is read and plotted by
  functions in `scripts/fig6.py`.
- `fig6_hypothesis_driven_policy`: A one-episode surface agent experiment with
  hypothesis-testing policy active. The output is read and plotted by
  functions in `scripts/fig6.py`.

All of these experiments should be run in serial due to the memory needs of
detailed logging (or checkpoint-saving in the case of
`fig2_pretrain_surf_agent_1lm_checkpoints`).

All experiments save their results to subdirectories of `DMC_ROOT` / `visualizations`.

## Other Experiments
`view_finder_experiments.py` defines four experiments that store data used as input
to a ViT-based model and one experiment that produces higher resolution object images
used in figures.
- view_finder_base: 14 standard training rotations
- view_finder_randrot_all: 14 randomly generated rotations
- view_finder_randrot: 5 pre-defined "random" rotations
- view_finder_32: 32 training rotations for rapid learning experiments
- view_finder_base_highres: 14 standard training rotations at 512x512 resolution.
  

> Only `view_finder_base_highres` needs to be run to reproduce figures. Stored images

Author: I got Monty-myopia on this one. I've added to and cleared up the descriptions here.

All experiments save their results to subdirectories of `DMC_ROOT` / `visualizations`.

## Other Experiments
`view_finder_experiments.py` defines five experiments:
- view_finder_base: 14 standard training rotations
- view_finder_randrot_all: 14 randomly generated rotations
- view_finder_randrot: 5 pre-defined "random" rotations
- view_finder_32: 32 training rotations for rapid learning experiments
- view_finder_base_highres: 14 standard training rotations at 512x512 resolution.
  

> These experiments aren't used for object recognition. Rather, they use Monty to capture and store images of objects in the YCB dataset. The first four experiments are used for generating training/testing data for the ViT-based model, and the last experiment (`view_finder_base_highres`) is used to capture higher resolution images used in some figures and illustrations. Arrays stored during these experiments can be rendered by `scripts/render_view_finder_images.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note these experiments are not used for object recognition in Monty. Rather, they use Monty to capture and store images of objects in the YCB dataset. The first four experiments are used for generating training/testing data for the ViT-based model, and the last experiment (`view_finder_base_highres`) is used to capture higher resolution images used in some figures and illustrations. Arrays stored during these experiments can be rendered by `scripts/render_view_finder_images.py`.
```
